# CS320
Software Test/Automation

To ensure that my software is both functional and secure, I like to implement multiple testing strategies as well as logical security measures throughout the process of development.  Static testing helps to identify any errors or defects early on in the process by reviewing requirements, design plans, and code before running any part of the program.  I want to ensure that everything is in order and lacks simple errors that can potentially build up into larger problems further on down the line.  Unit and integration testing help identify issues that might arise as the process moves along.  Implementing these testing strategies throughout help keep the product secure and well within the bounds of user expectations.

Using the agile methodology coupled with participatory design, I want to keep users involved in the development process from beginning to end to ensure that all user expectations are met.  I want to gain as much clarity on what each requirement means to the user and what exactly is expected of it, and, throughout each stage of development, check with the user to be sure that we're on the right track.  Communication and co-design is key to understanding and producing exactly what the user expects.

Elicitation and, as stated above, co-design practices are my primary means of approach when designing software.  Also, keeping an open mind and remaining as unbiased as possible helps to ensure that errors aren't overlooked.  The testing strategies mentioned above will help keep the development process secure and on the right track without costing unnecessary time and money in the end.  Keeping the end user involved will help push this process forward without too many unforeseen issues arising.
